README.md, before:

# Launch Page

Launching a product or service soon? Use Launch Page to collect email addresses to notify when your product or service has launched.

## Installation

Clone this repo, modify config.json with your details, and boom, you're ready to go.

## Looking For The Old Version?

I had an old LaunchRock style launch page that used a fullscreen background image. It was very poorly coded, and that style of launch page isn't as big anymore. If you still want this version, I have tagged it and created downloads for it.

## License

Copyright (c) 2012 Matthew Loberg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Moved API keys into secret.json so that it may be kept out of source control.

README.md, after:

# Launch Page

Launching a product or service soon? Use Launch Page to collect email addresses to notify when your product or service has launched.

## Installation

Clone this repo, modify config.json with page details, copy/rename secret.json.dist to secret.json, add API keys to secret.json, and boom, you're ready to go.

## Looking For The Old Version?

I had an old LaunchRock style launch page that used a fullscreen background image. It was very poorly coded, and that style of launch page isn't as big anymore. If you still want this version, I have tagged it and created downloads for it.

## License

Copyright (c) 2012 Matthew Loberg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
